# 2020-03-28 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar 28, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- garry 
- mauve
- sarah
- dc

# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS (later)
    - [x] mauve: log-in to nextcloud
    - [x] dc: reach out to Amelia 
    - [ ] ~~garry, sarah,~~ dc: update bios 
    - [ ] dc: update budget
    - [ ] mauve: update/first draft sponsorship package
    - [x] dc: JHI still on horizon
    - [x] all: still apply for OAC, anticpating new discussion of format
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - Conf Name 
  - Design Process
  - Milestones
  - Fundraising
  - Decentralized Things Organizers Call: https://hackmd.io/bTm177gZST-m2Sx9Ndt6BQ?edit

# Notes

## Conf Name (and CFP launch)

- Our Networks in Uncertain Times
    "..." Our Networks in Uncertain Times
    Our Networks "..." in Uncertain Times
    Our Networks. In Uncertain Times "..."
- sarah: not wanting a title that generates anxiety, more positive
- garry: what uncertainty means to us? nuanced was of thinking about this time
- sarah: taking the reformulation of conf and making its own agent
    - dc: perennial question in EDGI, being proactive without recapitulating...
- mauve:
    - solidarity?
    - growing?
    - working together, mutual aid?
- sarah: +1 garry?
    - mauve: food scrapes into water
- garry:
    - post-certainty
    - uncertain places
- dawn: 
    - better take on utopia?
- in our CFP:
    - radical equitable futures
    - "collectively invent the future of our network"
    - learn as we go
    - offer mutual aid
- the long list:
    - Growing +M1 +dc "growing our networks in uncertain times/places" +1sf +gi
    - Community +M3 +gi
    - Kinship +gi +sf
        - gi: kinship in uncertain times
    - Connection +sf +dc
    - "Our Networks in Uncertain Places" +M2
    - Solidarity
    - Growing in Uncertain Times
    - Our Uncertain Networks
    - Growth
    - "Post-certainty growth" <-- dc bad connections to OOO / Hansen, sociology convos on expertise
    - "Our Uncertain Networks"
- garry: design changing with time and space (interchangable)
    - dc: see that in organic patterns of growth 
    - sarah: time and place swapping
- garry: keeping with theme could have multiple titles
- **Consensed on title**: "Growing Our Networks in Uncertain Times/Places""

## Design Process

- Reviewed last years: https://docs.google.com/document/d/123645rAxWgXkwDhbjzHAi6UKRJEvR0H3vKb8d3Qq7CQ/edit#heading=h.vjuw4yhdnmzh
    - could do in gh issue instead
    - dc: need as much material if internal vs. external process?
    - #todo gi: create gh issue
- had look and feel inspo thread - GH!
    - #todo dc: gh issue for this, move over 
- 2 months feels good
    - dc: inspiring to have design on site before CFP closes
    - 7 weeks May 11
- imagining it internally done
- Deliverables
    - In progess
        - deck with 1-3 options
    - Final
        - Colour palette
        - Fonts/Typefaces
        - Layout logic and/or grid system for the placement of content
        - Treatment of imagery
        - Supporting graphics and artwork
        - Concept for a redesign of ournetworks.ca (emphasis on visuals and application of brand as opposed to content)
        - Concept for conference materials
        - Posters, pin-ups, social media
- mostly digital assets?
- care package as part of registration:
    - ARboxs (stencilled with our logo) -- plastic? 
        - cardboard equivalents?
        - https://ar-cardboards.com/
        - https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32951237253.html
    - stencil with our logo (laser cut)
    - seed care packages (seed bombs?)
    - our own paper with wildflower seeds 
    - core online spaces printed material and set up
        - its a map that we made
    - mail something to another attendee?
    - instruct people to name their wifi to ournetworks
        - wifi config 
        - share your wifinetworks near me images
- mushrooms and cardboard as growing media?
- radio.garden
    - visualization of where people are 
    - retro globe 
    - https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32951237253.html
- questions:
    - favouring certain materials
    - logistics, needs to be maybe under 2cm for canada cost shipping 
        - we ship, but people could assemble their own from the website

## Milestones

From above we'd tentatively identified deadlines, checked in and confirmed these made sense:
- 03/29 Theme and CFP announced
- 04/04 Sponsorship package, budget finalized 
- 04/04 Grant applications submitted
- **05/??** Delivery of designs
- 05/11 Website Relaunch
- 06/01 CFP closes
- 06/10 Submission decisions
- 06/16 Registration launched
- 06/16 Initial program released
- **??/??** First-wave registration packages shipped
- 07/10 Activations Kickoff (as early as)
- **??/??** Last day registration packages shipped
- 08/03 Virtual Load in
- 08/07 Our Networks 2020

#todo dc: move into readme/gh issue

## Fundraising

- OAC (deadline this week)
    - #todo sarah make template for OAC
    - sarah first pass of language, smae info
    - will need to redescribe event as online
    - might need other submitter
    - gi able to step in to submit?
        - dc added as a signer?
- JHI (deadline 2 weeks)
    - #todo dc make template for JHI
    - into Sept
    - ping people for review
- Sponsership package
    - mauve: able to start on package
    - ping for review
- Week of fnding stuff in order?
- Lock down sponsorship package for next weekend Sat Apr 4 

## Other Business

- Moving into 2 weeks meeting schedule
    - Check-in on Signal weekly on Saturday (esp. when not meeting!)
- We never set time for open hour!
    - gi: 1 enough?
    - 2 that week
        - Thurs Apr 30 5:30 pm ET
        - Sat May 2 12 pm ET

# Things to think about in future

- Documentation/recording
- Accessibility

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] dc: dc ad mauve to nextcloud drive
- [ ] ~~garry, sarah,~~ dc: update bios 
- [ ] dc: update budget
- [ ] dc: move milestones into readme/gh issue
- [ ] gi: create gh issue on design process 
- [x] dc: gh issue for look and feel, move over 
- [ ] sarah: make template for OAC, confirm if dc needs to be added 
- [ ] dc make template for JHI
- [ ] mauve: update/first draft sponsorship package
