# 2020-06-27 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Jul 27, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`jitsi.hypha.coop/ournetworks`](https://jitsi.hypha.coop/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)    
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)
:family: **Attendance:**  
- garry
- mauve
- sarah
- dc

# Agenda

- Previous Business
  - In GitHub!
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Discussion
    - Budget
    - Notifying speakers 
    - Experiential compontent
    - Conference tools
    - A/V, Volunteering needs

# Notes

- Budget
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uonus1OS54kM7fZaHSbM-cWYFLdOMpVsoMe_YjY-1S0/edit#gid=0
    - $minimum $2600
- Reviewing that last submission
    - reviewed
- Notifying speakers 
    - Notes in github!
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/pull/32
    - Want to use the form
    - Two pathways:
        - clarifications / acceptance -> form
        - revisions. (if response positively then acceptance -> form flow)
- Keynotes?
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FrcVy0MdIH6vW_Tx0HbEu42uWP2d2QLH88M6QjStG8g/edit
    - Support for invited keynote speaker, broader range! propose stuff!
        - #todo discuss async
    - Concerns for a panel sesh:
        - reservations round a panel
        - scheduling
- Experiential compontent
    - traitional "sign up"
    - 2-3 facilitated sessions?
        - during conference is fine
    - Needs:
        - video conf platforming breakoutrooms
        - "breadcrumbs" throughout conference
        - leaked audio files
        - using our social media -- additional social media acct?
        - Conf schedule updates? In common area spaces?
        - Some easter egg on website
            - "we can put a question on the speakers signup "are you willing to share easter eggs for the conference arg"
            - "sharing an easter egg might include: an accidental slide with an image on it "oops, don't know how that got in there, etc"
            - Use our planning github?
    - considerations:
        - onboarding people midway? keeping people involved
    - two factions
        - Sahara -- GAFA / FAANG
            - "what if we announce that we've refused a sponsorship offer from sahara corp because they're not values aligned lol"
        - Aux -- "resistance"
        - #todo what is the backstory?
            - can be involved in making it together to the amt we want
    - Collaboration
        - Google Doc make! email gmail :)))
        - #todo 
    - Deliverables (fallback of all digital)
        - Bookmark -- lasercutting? (Aux)
        - RFID cards e.g. https://www.ebay.com/itm/THONSEN-13-56MHz-MIFARE-Classic-1K-RFID-Smart-Cards-ISO14443A-Blank-RFID-Hotel-K/353069547979?hash=item523495c1cb:g:Ot0AAOSw4A9esgFO
            - #todo verify these will work?
- Conference tools
    - #agreed: BBB, Mozilla Hubs
        - #todo
- A/V, Volunteering needs
    - former team for A/V --> BBB deep insight
    - imagining ~100 "main sesh" (sarah experience 10 in 200 person)
        - 1 volunteer per for moderation -- just looking at chat, kicking folks
        - 1 intro / hosting
        - 1 MCing 
        - X??? recording?
        - dc: fear of distraction?
    - 3 tiers of Moderation
        1. moderator orga/vol there for duration
            - "staffed"
        2. are tools for moderation, but "unmoderated hours"
            - someone periodically checks in 
            - any component shared with presenter?
        3. thing that we can't moderate at all (self-hosted)
            - e.g., works self-hosted off site
    - orientation session 
    - #todo a/v dc can do the first email there...
        - maybe mauve?
    - #todo volunteer
        - maybe sarah?
        - start with emailing last vol's
- Small tasks: 
    - #todo garry twitter image
    - #todo garry artwork repo PDFs...        
    - #todo dc resend pw 


# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]
