# 2020-08-08 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Aug 08, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`bbb.hypha.coop/b/dcm-rgm-a4c`](https://bbb.hypha.coop/b/dcm-rgm-a4c) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)
:family: **Attendance:**  
- dc
- mauve
- garry
- michael
- sarah

# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [ ] dc: Yurko ping
    - [ ] dc : CP password sharing
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - A/V
  - ARG
  - schedule
      - respond to presenters
  - registration
  - sponsorship ICF 
 

# Notes

## AV call

- https://hackmd.io/wZOtCrTRQoGYDKk51f9pXw
- questions:
    - schedule:
        - simultanous talks? NO
        - single track, 5ish days
        - live, no pre-recorded
    - streaming on elons servers -- what does that mean?
        - youtube not twitch
        - elon's servers
    - chat visible on stream?
        - content moderation in chat?
        - #todo research: turn-off chat in BBB?
        - chat on the stream?
        - no, but live chat used
    - rebroadcasting?
        - looking into it
    - getting mics to presenters?
        - #todo schedule testcall
        - #todo presenters website 
    - #nicetohave
        - IPFS/hypercore stream
    - A/V: want to have Aug 31 ready for testing
    - HOST/SOURCES:
        - BBB for talks
        - pre-recorded ARG
        - performance 
    - STREAM:
        - Youtube
    - RECORD:
        - Hyperdrive
        - IPFS
        - Youtube
        - Internet Archive
        
## ARG walkthru 

- hardboiled -- somethings things are blocked from dc
    - sarah to forward, go ahead with 75 orders
- static site
    - #todo mauve + michael

- playthru

### Feedback Session 2

- scene change and audio 
- mv: reduce the gain just a little bit for next time on intro music, crunchy
- dc: might be good to like prompt students to "focus" your video so it gets big, add that to the script?
- sarah: "this is my home" go for it 
- mv: breakouts ... still confused
- dc: move when the aux is introed?
- dc: more time setting up "concious networks" topic
- michael: re-inforce the code of conduct
- make clear that there will be participation in the ARG
- "mesh networking is the friends we meet along the way"


## schedule

- respond to presenters
- might be change in ARG timing
- #todo indicate place/platform on sched
- #todo BLINK -- make sure understand timing, overnight Friday to Saturday? 
- accoms:
    - On view
    - Tussman 
- Followups:
    - #todo: dc followup on afterparty
    - #todo: dc connect panay+curtis
- BCC presenter update

## Sponsorship 

- ICF CAD
    - #todo sign and read Sarah + dawn to read
    - send wire details
    - #todo sarah followup on interchain
- Radicle
    - waiting to find out about payment
    - #todo add logo (once paid)
- FOSS 
    - #todo invoice for 2000

- #todo UPDATE BUDGET

## Swag

- 100 generic notebook
- stickers
    - include aux+sahara
    - #todo garry to order

### PARKED

- Registration
- Website 




# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- #todo research: turn-off chat in BBB?
- #todo UPDATE BUDGET
- #todo invoice for 2000
- #todo sign and read Sarah + dawn to read