# 2020-03-14 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar 14, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](-) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)    
:family: **Attendance:**   garry, amelia, mauve, dc, sarah (later)

# Agenda

- Breaking
  - COVID-19
      - https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/issues/11
- Previous Business 
  - TODOs
    - [x] sarah: photos added to mayfirst
    - [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
    - [x] dc: make CFP pad, lets write!
    - [x] dc: to spawn inital issues
    - [x] sarah: announce dates on twitter 
    - [x] all: apply to TAC
    - [ ] dc: send out on mailing list (record talks are up)
    - [x] dc: investigate, draft, let cfp come together (JHI grant)
    - [ ] dc: brainstorming lead on venue, mauve to pair help
    - [x] dc: gets folks onboarded, send email with this, and bits moving forward!
  - Dates
  - Theme and Format
  - Funding
  - Venue
  - Announcing
- Standing Business (N/A rn)
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- New Business
  - Timeline/Milestones

# Notes

## COVID-19

- worry about small businesses and stuff having to shut down
- fed response and waiting more info 
- local branch IWW talking about building solidarity from this
- talk about "our networks" (!!)
- may first solidarity response: https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/229#issuecomment-598892167
- if we can support each other as organizers please don't hesitate to use this space to ask for that!
- call with dweb and redentralized organizers around what stuff looks like
- dat consortium was going to be an event, now looking toward virtual conf
    - VR is cool
- explore different ways of meeting online. lecture format one-directional
- imagine speculative tools to have online meetups to have 
- if things improve, collective debriefing
- current state in Toronto/Canada (shifting rapidly): 
    - no large (>250 meetings)
    - travel limitations to July 1
    - what happens in Summer? lots of uncertainty to plan
- dc: definitely a lot of uncertainty with planning for "business as usual": large in-person event, expecting travel and international travel
- amelia: leaning into online resonates
- mauve: in-person seems worried
- garry: smaller programming events to test out ideas, learn what works or not. e.g., online meetups, VR experience, smaller group gatherings
- dc: can we not lose the AR/larping if we go remote?
    - mixed reality
    - shipping something like a kit
    - also having a virtual component
    - #todo michael RE: geochaching/locative art projects
    - can we make people "makers" of the game
- mauve:
    - people not able to find others in the presence
    - existing in a "virtual city" overlapped on each other
- mauve: what if we still have track?
    - physical spaces that people join in augmented reality
    - AR headset using phone, geolocation
    - "this spot in your city" is where you meet for this conversation
    - more unconference tracks
    - might have some other people join you
    - headset: $20 "ARBOX", graceful degradation headphones 
    - VR conferences: https://hackmd.io/@XR/vrconferences
    - sarah (later): wouldn't jump to rethinking structure yet, probably a few months out before that decision needs to be made. however willing to if that is where others are at

Our Networks 2020 options:
1. do nothing (cancel)
    - no excitement
2. "business not usual"
    - not appropriate
3. rethinking structure, more heavily online
    - all into this
- #decision: go ahead, but in a new way

## Dates

- **August 7-9** weekend as date
    - probably still helpful to have a narrow date range like this
    - could also have longer range if make sense for format
- #todo next saturday 21, meet to revisit format., cfp, and date

## Theme and Format

- Recall brainstorming: https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/blob/master/notes/2020-01-25-check-in.md
- Pad for developing theme: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k9B66ozVrVMhja4o_7EAasZ--ejES8wSEMEsZcekc5s/edit#

## Funding 

- applied to TAC
- decn' to apply for JHI 2020-2021 Program for the Arts
    - need to have portion of thing happen after Septeber 1, 2020 and before August 31, 2021
    - could say another retrospective event
    - #todo still on horizon, decide after next call
- #todo still apply for OAC, anticpating new discussion of format
- amelia: Google Adwords grant for $10,000 >> as site for intervention
    - https://www.google.ca/grants/; https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2013/12/18/google-grants-adwords-for-nonprofits 
    - dc: think in about in context of new format? potential alignment?
    
## Venue 

- park venue search, revisit toronto-based venue needs after format and CFP and COVID-19 things (ever-)change

## Timeline/Milestones

- what was here doesn't make sense anymore, COVID-19

## Announcing!

- #todo dc: send out on mailing list:
    - record talks are up
    - COVID-19
    - Our Networks 2020
- Brainstorm our statement:
    - Rapidly evolving situation
    - "We have been closely monitoring the COVID-19 situation via Toronto Public Health and Public Health Ontario." (and feds)
    - Not the time to just cancel things -- let's organize!
    - leaning into/making the opportunity
- Forums to congregate? talk back to us at
- Drafting statement:
    COVID-19 and Our Networks 2020—We've been closely monitoring (as we're sure you all have) the situation via [Toronto Public Health](https://www.toronto.ca/community-people/health-wellness-care/diseases-medications-vaccines/coronavirus/) and [Ontario Ministry of Health](https://www.ontario.ca/page/2019-novel-coronavirus). Recent announcements from the Canadian government include travel advisories for everyone arriving from outside the country. The situation is rapidly evolving and we can assume a lot will change between now and when we had scheduled Our Networks 2020 in August. However, what we can anticipate is the disruptions and aftershocks from the pandemic will continue for months.

    We firmly believe that for us to responsibly proceed we have to do more than consider whether to cancel; at a time when the topics we come together to imagine are more pressing than ever, what are our obligations—how can emerging decentralized infrastructures support radically different futures? how do alternative networks work in solidarity for change? what tactices of collective care and maintenance help us respond the opportunities and challenges of this moment?

    Be assured, we're plotting a course for Our Networks 2020 to continue. As we proceed we also want to hear your thoughts, concerns, and hopes for how we can strengthen our networks in uncertain times. We're hosting an open call that all are welcome to attend on Thursday March 19, 16:00 EDT [UTC-04] (13:00 PDT / 20:00 GMT / 9:00 CET): https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks

## Recap

Next steps:

- dc write the statement SAT
- plan to distribute statement ASAP 
- garry+dc website update SAT
- Take a look the CFP doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k9B66ozVrVMhja4o_7EAasZ--ejES8wSEMEsZcekc5s/edit#heading=h.gmoenscg21kn
- call THURS for comm. brainstorm
- Mar 21 - 1.5h meeting for CFP/Format
    - reconfirm dates
    - reconfirm format
    - funding updates? new thing

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [x] garry+dc: website update RE: COVID-19
- [x] dc: send out COVID-19 update on mailing list
- [ ] dc: em michael RE: geochaching/locative art projects
- [ ] all: next saturday 21, meet to revisit format., cfp, and date
- [ ] dc: JHI still on horizon, decide after next call
- [ ] all: still apply for OAC, anticpating new discussion of format
- [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
