# 2020-02-29 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Feb 29, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)    
:family: **Attendance:** garry, amelia, dc, mauve, sarah   

# Agenda

- INTROS! Questions?
- Previous Business 
  - TODOs
    - [x] dc: prepare for next meeting: orga responsibilities, milestones
    - [ ] all: add photos to: https://share.mayfirst.org/f/5874287
    - [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
  - Dates
  - Theme and Format
  - Funding
<!-- - Standing Business (N/A rn)
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto) -->
- New Business
  - Announcing!
  - Venue
  - Timeline
  - Onboarding, how we work, questions?

# Notes

## Intros

- dawn, still phding, organizer
- sarah, berlin, remote 2/3 ournetworks, ill-advised pary planning, lots of tweets
- mauve, they/them p2p+web, at last one!
- garry, product design in to, busy! lots of website for ournets
- amelia, she/her, design last ournets, figuring out what to do, figuring out next steps

Questions?
- Mauve: Are there docs on last year? 
    - dc: Yes, [on github](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019)

## Dates

- **August 7-9** weekend as top date
- https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/issues/2
- Amelia and Mauve free!
- Ready to announce? Yes!

## Theme and Format

- Recall brainstorming: https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/blob/master/notes/2020-01-25-check-in.md
- garry: we were on a tear (patcons comments at the bottom)
- dc: highlight reel:
    - activitating space, relationships, bring your bathing suits, bike carts
    - alternate universe game to play in ournetworks 2020 to find the locations
    - "the entire world is mesh and p2p, the year is 2030"
- mauve: decentralized conference exciting, distance between events
    - uber vs. walking distance
- amelia:
    - satellite events, decentralized component resonated
    - opportunity to expand beyond usual crowd
    - youth engagement!
    - folks that might feel intimidated to be involved!
- dc: what about the LARPING vibe? we live in the future we want, speculative?
    - mauve: like it, futuristic aesthetics in conference
        - p2p and solarpunk aesthetics
        - mindspace of solarpunk
        - visualize with what we have already
    - amelia: hackathon format to create the imaginaries in teams
    - dc: solarpunk vibe matches hot hazy humid Toront vibes
- **NO DYSTOPIAS** only Utopian Futures
- "Who will decentralize the decentralizers"
- Satellite events host their own design sesh? How do we support them? some sort of toolkit, etc...
- Way to check in with group to better particiate in events
- **Firm up format**:
    - Satellite events invited to organize events at their discretion during a longer period, e.g. 4- or 5- days
    - 2-day (.5) anchor event organized by us
    - Character setting opening (earlier in week) "imaginationathon"
- **Criteria for satellite events?**
    - Submissions? dialogue?
    - Events, code of conduct?
        - willing to adopt our coc?
    - Free?
        - if not free open to ournets ticket holders?
    - Some (even tangental) relation to the theme: utopian futures
        - some thread/connection
- ON Anchor event format:
    - Serendipitous interactions
        - Workshops great!
    - Talks set context, finding people to talk to
    - How to operationalize:
        - shorter talks (30mins cap)
        - generous breaks
        - more workshops than talks? (balance of capacity)
    - Exhbition AS satellite event
- #todo dc make call pad, lets write CFP!
- #todo dc to spawn inital issues


## Announcing!

- #todo sarah announce dates on twitter 
- #todo dc: send out on mailing list (record talks are up)
- website soonish!
- sit on ssb/other mailing lists etc. until CFP.


## Funding 

- Arts council:https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/issues/1
    - needs research https://canadacouncil.ca/funding/strategic-funds/digital-strategy-fund
        - dc: looked into would, would park for now
    - Mar 02 https://torontoartscouncil.org/grant-programs/discover-tac-grants/deadlines
        - immediate focus
    - Apr 30 https://www.arts.on.ca/grants/media-arts-projects
        - park ON grant talk for now until after TAC goes in
    - #todo: apply!
        - sarah: make photos of exhibition (sent via wetranser)
        - amelia: able to work on writing on weekend
        - dc: budget stuff - first pass
        - dc+garry to pair submit 9-11pm
        - all: be okay to review/signoff on monday
- JHI (UofT affiliation): https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/issues/3
    - work from old applications for arts council
    - #todo dc: investigate, draft, let cfp come together    
    
    
## Venue 

- Previous:
    - TMAC
    - Mozilla Community Space 
    - U of T (Semaphore)
- New venues?
    - Artscape daniels?
- Capacity:
    - 100-150 attendees
- #todo dc: brainstorming lead on this, mauve to pair help


## Timeline

- 2020:
    - 02/29 TODAY (W9, -23)
    - end-March Theme, CFP announced 
    - end-March Venue secured
    - Grant applications
    - Sponsorship package, budget
    - Website re-launch
    - mid-May CFP closes
    - (quick response turnaround)
    - ...
    - 08/03 Our Networks 2019 (W32)
- Recall, 2019:
    - 01/15 Kickoff call (-35)
    - 02/15 Theme and dates announced (-31)
    - 03/01 Sponsorship packaged, firm budget (-29)
    - 04/06 Space booked (-24)
    - 04/22 CFP posted (-21)
    - 05/01 Conference open hour #1 (-20)
    - 06/01 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (-16)
    - 06/01 Keynote speaker(s) (-16)
    - 06/03 Conference open hour #2 (-15)
    - 06/03 Venue walkthrough (-15)
    - 07/01 CFP closes (-11)
    - 07/14 Submission decisions (-10)
    - 07/15 Registration launched (-9)
    - 07/15 Schedule posted (-9)
    - 09/03 Conference open hour #3 (-2)
    - 09/10 Venue walkthrough (-1)
    - 09/19 Load in (-0 weeks)
    - 09/21 Our Networks 2019 (W38)

## Onboarding, how we work, questions?

We use: biweekly calls, async spaces to work, calendar for deadlines
- #todo dc gets folks onboarded, send email with this, and bits moving forward!

Onboarding things from new orgainzers:
- google-friendly email (calendar, gdrive)
- signal number
- email for comms (orga@, mayfirst drive)
- gh handle

How to bring folks in?
- peer/person to ask for questions
- mauve: task-oriented!
- visibility for what is going on via tasks in gh repo! All in!


# TODOs

- [ ] sarah: photos added to mayfirst
- [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
- [ ] dc: make CFP pad, lets write!
- [ ] dc: to spawn inital issues
- [ ] sarah: announce dates on twitter 
- [ ] all: apply to TAC
- [ ] dc: send out on mailing list (record talks are up)
- [ ] dc: investigate, draft, let cfp come together    
- [ ] dc: brainstorming lead on venue, mauve to pair help
- [ ] dc: gets folks onboarded, send email with this, and bits moving forward!   
