# 2020-03-21 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar 21, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)  
:family: **Attendance:**  

# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [x] dc: em michael RE: geochaching/locative art projects
    - [x] all: next saturday 21, meet to revisit format., cfp, and date
    - [ ] dc: JHI still on horizon, decide after next call
    - [ ] all: still apply for OAC, anticpating new discussion of format
    - Onboarding completed?
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - CFP: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k9B66ozVrVMhja4o_7EAasZ--ejES8wSEMEsZcekc5s/edit# 
  - Decentralized Things Organizers Call: https://hackmd.io/bTm177gZST-m2Sx9Ndt6BQ?edit

# Notes

## CFPs

- brainstormed in CFP doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k9B66ozVrVMhja4o_7EAasZ--ejES8wSEMEsZcekc5s/edit#
- date submissions required?
    - June 1
- technical needs and requirements?
    - email 
    - "open hour" in hubs end April
    - future "open hours" on THE TOOLS!
- #todos:
    - dc: first pass on doc SAT
    - mauve: deep edit 
    - garry, sarah: review doc on Sun
    - dc: connect with amelia, see where she is at
    - #todo launch on website monday
        - Socal media, mailinglist same time

## Other Business

- How do start thinking about look and feel?
    - form, colour, shape, topography
    - "green, but also a little crusty"
    - #todo all add into bottom of CFP
- Session today Sat, 5-6pm for resetting website
- Check-in on Grants, Funding
    - drafting JHI
    - OAC ..?
- Sponsorship package
    - VIRTUAL PODIUM STAND. lion king doc

# Things to think about 

- Documentation/recording
- Accessibility
- Timeline around design
- (new) Milestones

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
- [ ] dc: JHI still on horizon, decide after next call 
- [ ] mauve: log-in to nextcloud
- [ ] dc: reach out to Amelia 
- [ ] garry, sarah, dc: update bios 
- [ ] dc: update budget
- [ ] mauve: update/first draft sponsorship package
