# Our Networks 2020 Check-in 2020-01-25

:date: **Date:** Sat, Jan 25, 2020 @ 13:30-15:00  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- sarah
- garry
- patcon
- dc

# Agenda

1. Feeling
1. 2020 Hopes and Dreams
1. 2020 Availability

# Notes

## How folks are feeling?

- garry: retro during peark tiredness. more energy in the new year, cabin fever. energy split on project, more going into work. summer feels cool, but how to make it so?
- sarah: lying if said not still tired by last years event. meeting coming up and thought "this will be work," still burnout lingering, not rechared. still keen. want to be relistic about what we need to do. apprehensive about shift in orga makeup
- dc: more energy in the new year, got excited post-it-ing thinking about 2020, a good sign given how exhausted I was after

## State of Our Network 2019 -- what's left

Things that are left?
- sarah:
    - photo post-production (photoshopping)
    - move our documentation to our mayfirst 
- garry:
    - 2019 banner PR 
    - Cleanup on 2019 site
- dc:
    - 1 alexandria to discuss: https://alexandria.tomesh.net/ournetworks/
    - github clean up
    - expenses wrap up
- RE: Alexandria: https://my.frantech.ca/register.php
    - low capacity around maintaining 
    - no strong feelings about "hosting" as an ournetworks thing
    - future sustainability? ~$60+120 2019 to 2020 
    - is automatic endpoint of streaming?

New TODOs:  
- gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
- dc: create owncould individual accts
- gi: release bank payment 
- final announcement that videos are up?
    - gi: website banner will "announce" 2019
    - sf: announce on twitter and pin -- after merge
    - no email for now

## 2020 Hopes and Dreams

- sarah: max scale of event was 2019 version. incl. evening programming reduction
- dc: could be smaller, more intimate in number of people would feel good 80-110!
- dc: would be interested to radically rethink the structure of format?
    - what if we do a much shorter anchor event or exhibition but also encourage "satellite" events around it? that we aren't responsible for?
- sarah: transmediale worspiele, hicthing community events to transmediale (2 focused days) with self organizing week ahead
- dc: other communities in Toronto to tap into to motivate hosting another events?
    - twc
    - co-op development
    - freegeek? tomesh?
    - civic tech? 
- sarah: maybe we don't even host the arts content? interaccess relationship?
- garry: rosie @ 221 (blockchain+arts) -- interested in us!
- gi: scaling conversation feeling the same
- gi: also interested in different formats 
    - screening, zine library were cool to try, maybe able to iterate on 
    - shortlist orgs/people to build programming together
- sarah: spread through the city 
- dc: low-key summer and "bring your bathing suits"
- sarah: camp-like ("camp in the city")
- dc: rent a commercial kitchen, community dinner? scadding court?
- sarah: diy-bio space
- Align with tech zine fair? Phil?
- Garry: beecrypto activing sites around berlin. What are those sites around Toronto? Specifity of places we choose?
- dc: Andreas' talk and that app as inspo!
- patcon: questions about passing off organizing to others who won't be in the same ethos
    - how to guide people to think about the things that we like to think about?
    - "point system" and emergence, how to represent and communicate a la carte
    - dc: AMC session zine, checklist of all the possibilities, ways to represent those on a schedule?
- patcon's capers 
- dc: bike cart showing up at a street festival, pop-up mesh net
- building meaning into the map
    - cloud watching party, where everyone describes what they see in the clouds
    - different knowledge systems and constellations
- patcon covering phone in sharpie whiteout: least scratched off phone wins?
- alternate universe game to play in ournetworks 2020 to find the locations
- speculative future, story, combining to create a network
- the entire world is mesh and p2p, the year is 2030
- put stickers over peoples phones (like club)
- patcon: large device -- if you wanted to use your phone you have to be the person carrying the backpack to be the comms person?
- 3D print satellite phone housing
- patcon: used to carry camcorder around the neck
- dc: LARPing mesh (used to LARP cops and robbers as a kid)
- patcon: the decentralized festival never ends if it's successful

## 2020 Availability

- Availability: 
    | Month    |   	         |   	            |
    |---	   |---	         |---	            |
    | 03 - MAR | X 	         |   	            |
    | 04 - APR | dc          |   	            |
    | 05 - MAY | dc	         |   	            |
    | 06 - JUN | X 	         |   	            |
    | 07 - JUL | sf, dc, ~gi | Jun 29-Jul 12    |
    | 08 - AUG | sf, dc, ~gi | Aug 3-9; 24-30  	|
    | 09 - SEP | sf, gi, ~dc | Sep 1-7; 22-28 	|
    | 10 - OCT | X 	         |   	            |
    | 11 - NOV | X 	         |   	            |
    | 12 - DEC | X 	         |   	            |
    - Other (Potentially Relevant) Events (moved to google sheet): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dQbdjL_js8RmdhMqTWWQ8wdiblHP9kbFtMN1lNzR6nY/edit#gid=0
    - sarah:
        - Feb and Mar very busy
        - FT until June in EU
        - July-Sep time off and open
        - Aside: Feb 10 2-week Toronto visit 
    - garry: 
        - FT for foreseeable future 
        - OCAD teaching 2/week Jul/Aug 6 weeks, might be tricky
        - Apr/May difficult to project because other things
        - Travel June for work
    - dc: 
        - Good Apr, Jul, Aug
        - Maybes: May, Sep
        - Personally, concerned about late september based on last year :(
        - middle september organizing difficult in the city because of TIFF, came up a lot last year in convos while dealing with logistics
- For a date, between other events, avail, etc, we are looking at:
    - First two weeks July (Jun 29-Jul 12)
    - Two weeks August (Aug 3-9; 24-30)
    - Labour Day (Sep 1-7)
    - Last weekend September (Sep 22-28)
- What about org team? Should we recruit?
    - all: hadn't thought about it yet
    - dc: new energy and vision 
    - we should ask about handoff of stuff that was in Ben's head?
- Planning cycle?
    - varied before:
        - 2017: 2 months
        - 2018: 6 months
        - 2019: 8 months
    - dc: thinks we could do 6 months 
- commited to organizing:
    - garry, sarah, dc
- outsider energy: 
    - patcon

## TODOs

- [x] all: low-key solidify dates early-Feb
- [x] dc: next call in-person mid-Feb
- [ ] all: add photos to: https://share.mayfirst.org/f/5874287
- [ ] gi+dc: jam on site on IPFS
- [x] dc: create owncould individual accts
- [x] gi: release bank payment 
- [x] gi: website banner will "announce" 2019
- [x] sf: announce on twitter and pin -- after merge
    
