# 2020-09-22 Our Networks A/V post-mortem

## Agenda 

- Status update
- Post-mortem

## Notes

### Status update

- hank: done nothing, all the footage dlded and notes set up
- dc: how many talks to produce?
    - hank: unclear
- dc: ways to reduce post-production load?
- mauve: what about splitting work?
    - sarah: does that add work?
    - hank: adds stuff but with template is not terrible
- hank: once into the swing of things will go fast
    - this week will start to get to Our Networks
- Oct 12 - Videos produced
- Oct 18 - Videos published
    - hank: upload to alexandria, publish to youtube
        - Once uploaded to YouTube they will release automatically every day
    - orga? 
        - IA
        - IPFS pinning
        - hypercore

### Post-mortem

#### 1. Most proud of, happy with how it went 

- mauve:
    - bbb as tool
    - presenters had ability to use bbb
    - maintrack set up smooth, well done by everyone
- sarah:
    - p2party site, integrating stream looked profes, proud of it 
    - hank and elon dedication and responsiveness
    - prep call with presenters informative, helpful, feel more prepared
    - When I told everyone we were running our own conference with our own tools everyone thought it was super cool!
- elon: 
    - went okay, conference went good
    - stream worked with more people watching than expected
- hank:
    - p2party website impressive and cool, felt like inslusive tightknit group
    - proud of 3d graphics and blender
    - think people enjoyed it, able to deliver
- garry:
    - +1 to everyone
    - stream quality was good
    - some issues we originally having were wierd (hls stream + bitrate)
    - hank and elon great job coordinating video (esp. recorded video on stream, comms with presenters)
- dc:
    - +1 to everyone again!
    - Email responses good
        - Made presenters feel more confident
    - BBB worked well overall and people were excited to try a new thing
    - People had a lot of positive comments and the livestream came across well/profesionally
        - Nice transitions and things (got comments)
- hank: did work on transitions this year over previous ones

#### 2. Most frustrating, difficult, or didn't work?

- elon:
    - HLS problem that was fixed
    - YAML file updates
- mauve:
    - Michael's audio problems on the first day of his workshop
        - Hard to fix in the moment and a sad time
        - The support from Hypha & Meet.coop was really nice and went better than it could have
- garry:
    - As a viewer the HLS bitrate problem was an issue
        - Was weird to debug but at least brain opening
    - Durring the Saturday session things were difficult for presenters to know what was being streamed
        - Timing communication was helpful but it was hard for presenters to know what was being done
        - Could be smoothed out so people have a better sense of what's being shown on their end
- sarah:
    - General online conference reflection: If something was going wrong with AV you can continue the conference in some other way whereas in an online format we have had to pause and reschedule the whole thing
    - Feeling of helplessness when something is going wrong because you can't personally fix / are unfamilliar with the problems
        - Onboarding sooner to the stack of tools we're using and having a better understanding could help
    - On the form we sent to presenters we asked for notes about how to say their names
        - We should have used that and it was somewhat awkward
- dc:
    - For the constraints we were working under everything went well!
    - Uncertianty of how things are coming together until right before the event was not great
    - Got a lot of personal messages about things instead of messages sent to the org
    - Debrief was good but we had a lot of issues on the first day between how the setup functioned and how we expected it to
    - Communication of what was being streamed / cue sheet of talks was unclear before I reworked the sheet
    - We had a decent handle on how things worked but didn't have a solid handle on exactly how things worked
        - We seem to have gotten away with some sketchy things
- hank:
    - bbb: not ideal format A/V for presenting anything into OBS. hacky unreliable and stressful
        - first day problems and OBS witness users, was very stressful 
        - no audio thru screenshare
            - This cannot work on web-based video calls without significant presenter setup AFAIK
        - "can't use BBB again for an online conference"
        - stress of routing many issues/responsibilities (internet, power... so many things could go wrong)
        - Getting good video out of BBB with meet.coop was difficult and I had to go through a whole approval process to even make sure we were allowed to do what we were doing _after_ confirming that it worked
            - Without Elon working for hypha and being a member we would have no way of getting this footage
    - presenters:
        - asking how name is pronounced 
        - not able to fit and not comfortable with how they were shortened
    - cue sheet:
        - needed it beforehand, which would have been more helpful (because cuesheet incl. all streams it was confusing)

#### 3. What would you change?

- bus factor / reducing load on individual in future
    - onboarding volunteers?
        - If this is going to be done it needs to be done much earlier
    - remotely? -- sharing assets, sharing set up with another person?
- week for set-up, not enough time
    - involved in dec'n making on A/V tools
    - e.g., presenter list, access to server  earlier
- better sense of who is in charge of what things and what things are A/V team responsibility
- communication between the core org team and AV should be more cohesive in an online event
    - AV should be involved in calls sooner
    - ben was doing a lot of this and we may not have done enough right away to move this position to the rest of the team
