# 2020-04-18 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Apr 18, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)
:family: **Attendance:**  
- dc
- sarah
- garry
- mauve (later)

# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [ ] dc: update bio 
    - [x] dc: update budget
    - [x] mauve: update/first draft sponsorship package
    - [x] dc: move milestones into readme/gh issue
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
      - More design needs: update social media 
      - Advertising the CFP
          - #todo new collector issue!
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - Budget/Fundraising
  - Audience/attendance
  - CFP
  - Design Jam

# Notes

- Need to advertise CFP, think about audience and registration this year

## Fundraising

- OAC grant "ready" but not submitted
    - #todo: still need CVs
    - #todo: sarah to add dc (maybe have a call /cowork)
- JHI grant submitted
    - Emphasis on reflection, documentation
    - gi: Commission content for a program 
        - e.g., essay, poster, images
- Budget: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uonus1OS54kM7fZaHSbM-cWYFLdOMpVsoMe_YjY-1S0/edit#gid=0
- We're imagining a span from $8500 - $20,000
    - $20,000 is all we hope for version
    - $8,500 is lean, but could still be cut
- Re-thinking the tickets, map them to core costs 
    - directly pass on costs 
    - registration fee model 
        - pwyc 
        - sliding scale
        - free tickets
    - sf: local coworking space launched online membership , $5 to join discord
- Need to know hard per-person costs by registration launch time 
- Hearing from grants?
    - JHI end-May 
    - TAC June 1 to find out ?? (projects not begin before)
    - OAC mid-June earliest
- Things to trim going forward
    - Not renew meetup subscription

## Sponsorship package

- Worked on:
    - Event format a brainstorm moment to identify projects too
    - Started new Sponsorship Pipeline doc, with contact info and potential leads, also for us to triage who we contact
- Reviewed and made changes to package, amts, language
- #todo Mauve to do final cleanup of package
    - "coffee break"
    - review language
    - lock down end of weekend 
- #todo dc: 
    - dc to send out to previous sponsors

## Design Jam

- Reviewed the Design brief 
    - discussed a shift in website relaunch a week later in May
- Jamming on look and feel:
    - LIME GREEN
    - green grassy virtual space
    - dc: something permaculture images, succession
    - soil layer diagrams
    - forest modelling software 
        - {"dynamic spacial interactive landscape"}
    - forest inhabitant avatars, drag and drop around the homepage
    - kit of parts, can assemble as a place 
    - unknown type face
        - "90s hacker wear"
    - "tree wave"
        - time, duration
        - looping gifs
        - digital applications of that
    - time
        - cyclical
        - koan: "what is the shape of a second hand moving"
    - the website grows over time
        - each day of Aug 7-9 weekend we layer on more stuff
            - Have trees that get bigger
        - e.g. more tilesets into Mozilla hubs
    - changes colour based on the time of day 
        - dark at night 
        - place you are viewing the website from "based in UTC-X"
        - play with that? offset it?
    - events running down side, show every timezone across the side in on times across
    - metaflop:
        - typeface that changes over time
        - "build a clock out of a font"
        - variables adjust over time
    - Way that people interacting with the site can change it too?
    - peoples usage on laptops 
        - "messages in our chat today"
        - low power website representations
    - "our own CDN with solar powered pis"

# Things to think about in future

- Design jam for a section 30 mins
- Satellite events
- Format and conference tools
- Documentation/recording (program for event and commissioning for after?)
- Accessibility

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] dc: update bio 
- [ ] still need CVs
- [ ] sarah to add dc (maybe have a call /cowork)
- [ ] More design needs: update social media 
- [ ] new collector issue for Advertising the CFP
- [ ]  Mauve to do final cleanup of sponsorship package
- [ ] dc: send out to previous sponsors
