# 2020-05-23 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, May 23, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`jitsi.hypha.coop/ournetworks`](https://jitsi.hypha.coop/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)
:family: **Attendance:**  
- garry
- dawn
- mauve


# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [ ] Apply for Eyebeam WE'RE DOING IT! Deadline May 21...Draft May 8
        - [ ] sarah: create doc template May 14
        - [ ] dc: help review/feedback (will need more lead time on review if me)
    - [x] dc flip to using hypha jitsi for next few
    - [x] dc add to calendar
    - [x] garry trialling/setup for next open out (tenetatively online town)
    - [x] dc: to paste in
      - [x] others add theirs in!
    - [ ] sarah: emailing other sponsors (info in pipeline)
    - [x] dc keep following up with three lead sponsors
    - [x] dc follow up on Wendy dweb stuff? and whether we're pooling resources
    - [ ] sarah add some sponsorship opps
    - [ ] dc advertise to Toronto-based orgs
- Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
- Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Discussion
  - Sponsorship 
  - CFP/advertising
  - Format and conference tools
  - Documentation/recording (program for event and commissioning for after?)

# Notes

- Website
- Eyebeam Grant
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZaHc9QoTqlDtQHg397G1B3OliFEkR_vsZ_wSLoFACNg/edit#
    - #todo dc: add words
    - #todo mauve: after 27 may
    - #todo: May 30 we do the video statement

## Sponsorship

- No Mozilla 
    - email SM?
- ISOC, PL
- CSS?
- Hypercore protocol - mafintosh?
    - https://twitter.com/mafintosh
- Hashbase?
- Michael: Awesome foundation:
    - https://www.awesomefoundation.org/en

## Experience 

Shared a proposal with two themes:
- THEME 1: "PAYLOAD"
    - pairing of participants?
        - risks with 1-on-1
    - AR games: dejune insitute... join a networking class with a transhumanist twist?
- THEME 2: "SCHISM"
    - would people be the "centralizers"?
        - dc and mauve seeking 
    - dc: slightly leaning toward this, maybe we play as centralizers, the "decentralistas" not a faction but more plural pods...?
    - accessibility an interesting twist for us this year?
    - access, distribution, agency 
    - can use website and moderators to seed content throughout the event
    - under dog story: star wars

Tangibles?
- branded notebook/pen?
- "ID card" - RFID card ... as a special card to ties into an experience next year 
    - reader/writer 
    - some part of the card working with the game?
        - new iphone and RFID readers with info....
    - Yurko
        - #todo dc send email connect in future
- Web page for them of the course 
- something collectable?
- "WFH" "public/private" utopia
- stencil symbol?
    - laser cutter? 
- way to create their own?
    - armband
    - headband

Durational aspect?
- garry: how could this artifact persist over time
    - can it change over time?
    - interact with a web interface, changing with time+person

## CFP?

- ...

# Things to think about in future

- Format and conference tools
- Documentation/recording (program for event and commissioning for after?)
- Accessibility

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] dc: add words to eyebeam grant
- [ ] mauve: review after 27 may
- [ ] May 30 we do the video statement
- [ ] sponsorship outreach
    - email SM?
    - CSS?
    - Hypercore protocol - mafintosh?
        - https://twitter.com/mafintosh
    - Hashbase?
    - Awesome foundation:
        - https://www.awesomefoundation.org/en
