# 2020-07-18 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Jul 18, 2020 @ 12:00-13:30 ET  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:** [`https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit`](https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit)
:family: **Attendance:**  
- michael
- garry 
- sarah
- dc


# Agenda

- Previous Business
  - Presenters
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - Program Hours
  - Experience
  - Sponsors

# Notes

## Presenters

- big panels:
    - 8 folks on
    - 5 person re-scoped
- outstanding (need to followup sometime early next week):
    - Dawn: 
        - Office party
        - Encyclopedia  !!! 
        - Federated / panay
    - Sarah:
        - NIN / Jennifer Seaman Cook 
        - Divya / experiences
        - Building equity troy
        - Reunion #todo sarah follow up

## Program Hours 

- Scheduling with new week? 
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2020/issues/20
- Tuesday through Sunday September 8-13
    - 3+2 or 4 hours a day
        - 3 hours if continuous
        - 4 hours would require serious breaks
    - EU / Americas blocks 
        - EU: 5-8 CEST / 11-2 ET
        - ET: 6-9 ET / 
    - Tuesday kickoff (both zones?)
    - Wed - Fri 
    - Saturday 
        - two blocks -- fullest time
    - Sunday 
        - close out? (both zones?)
- Timezone from presenters:
    - many UTC+02
    - many UTC-04 to UTC-07
    - Asked some presenters to do twice:
        - Aerobics
        - Measuring house with body
- Drafting program?
    -  sarah: do we need when2meet (?)
    -  dc: draft before publish?
    -  FLOW:
        -  Publish name and session desc. (before registration launches)
            - #todo sarah
        -  Draft schedule shared with presenters to okay (and reg. details)
            - #todo dc
        -  XXX date?!? when draft to published sched... in sync with the registration details

### Experience

- #todo dc to redo budget, start to look at stuff?
    - check-in during the week for deliverables
- #todo first run next Saturday?

### Sponsors

- New Tier 3 sponsor $500
    - #todo Sarah to open email thread and invoice 
- ICF Grant $3000?
    - #todo need to complete form, co-drafting: 
        - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sb0bHvx_n-ta7lLosuDA5i1wArkeBrkAfm5XuX2qU4w/edit
    - #todo dc / sarah to draft
    - sarah to follow up 
    - docs:
        - CV combined
        - Sponsor Package
        - Passport

- Updates to sponsors
    - date change? same time as Money email?
    - #todo dc

- Need to get sponsor page up
    - #todo garry

### Swag 

- #todo:
    - garry: another version of square
        - black on green circle?!?
- #todo: dc apply for sticker mule in-kind


# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] Sarah to open email thread and invoice 
- [ ] dc apply for sticker mule in-kind sticker
- [ ] garry: another version of square
- [ ] dc Updates to sponsors
- [ ] dc / sarah to draft ICF sponsor grant
- [ ] dc Draft schedule shared with presenters to okay (and reg. details) by July 27
- [ ] dc to redo budget
- [ ] dc / sarah presenter followup 
